feat(prismic): add resolver cache docs (#413)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/prismic/resolver-cache.md

## Resolver Cache API

#### `PrismicCachedResolver(resolver[, options])`

Returns a resolver that caches the result of the given resolver.

**Arguments:**

- `resolver`: A [custom resolver](/docs/advanced/graphql/change-resolver-behavior.html#Implement-your-custom-resolver-logic) that returns a `Content` or an array of `Content`,
- `options` : An object with the following properties:
  - `mapParamsToId` A function that maps the resolver parameters to a unique id.
  - `contentProperty` The name of the property that contains the [Content](https://gitlab.com/front-commerce/front-commerce-prismic/-/blob/main/prismic/server/modules/prismic/core/loaders/Content.js).

## Usage

To use the `PrismicCachedResolver` you need to import it into your `resolvers.js` and wrap your resolver with decorator.

```js
// my-module/resolvers.js
import PrismicCachedResolver from "prismic/server/modules/prismic/core/cache/PrismicCachedResolver";

export default {
  Query: {
    resolver: PrismicCachedResolver((_, __, { loaders }) =>
      loaders.MyModule.loadAll()
    ),
  },
};
```

### Singleton Content

This is the most simple usecase. The `PrismicCachedResolver` will cache a singleton Content.

> So let's say we want to cache a resolver that loads a single Faq entry, we can simple decorate our original resolver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So let's say we want to cache a resolver that loads a single Faq entry, we can simply decorate our original resolver
```

Maybe a shorter sentence ?
```suggestion
To cache a resolver that loads a single Faq entry, decorate the original resolver with
```

```js
import PrismicCachedResolver from "prismic/server/modules/prismic/core/cache/PrismicCachedResolver";

export default {
  Query: {
    faqEntry: PrismicCachedResolver((source, { slug }, { loaders }) => {
      return loaders.FaqLoader.loadBySlug(slug); // returns Promise<Content>
    }),
  },
};
```

> But now the issue is, when we call **faqEntry** resolver, it will always load the same cached faq entry, to avoid this we need map the `slug` parameter to the cache key, you can pass in the `mapParamsToId` option to the `PrismicCachedResolver` to do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now the **faqEntry** resolver will always load the same cached faq entry.

To avoid this issue, map the `slug` parameter to the cache key, by passing the `mapParamsToId` option to the `PrismicCachedResolver`.
```

```diff
import PrismicCachedResolver from "prismic/server/modules/prismic/core/cache/PrismicCachedResolver";

export default {
  Query: {
-    faqEntry: PrismicCachedResolver((source, {slug}, {loaders}) =>{
-      return loaders.FaqLoader.loadBySlug(slug);
-    }),
+    faqEntry: PrismicCachedResolver((source, {slug}, {loaders}) =>{
+      return loaders.FaqLoader.loadBySlug(slug);
+    }, {
+      mapParamsToId: (_, { slug }) => slug,
+    }),
  },
};
```

### List Content

> When caching a list of Content we expect to recieve an Array containing the Content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When caching a list of Content we expect to receive an Array containing the Content.
```

```js
import PrismicCachedResolver from "prismic/server/modules/prismic/core/cache/PrismicCachedResolver";

export default {
  Query: {
    faqList: PrismicCachedResolver((_, __, { loaders }) => {
      return ctx.loaders.FaqLoader.loadAll(); // returns Promise<Content[]>
    }),
  },
};
```

You can also define a `contentProperty`, this is for a more advanced usecase, where you want to return an object with a property containing the Content array, for example with pagination

```js
import PrismicCachedResolver from "prismic/server/modules/prismic/core/cache/PrismicCachedResolver";

export default {
  Query: {
    faqList: PrismicCachedResolver(
      (_, __, { loaders }) => {
        // returns Promise<{
        //    list: [Content, Content],
        //    total: 10
        // }>
        return ctx.loaders.FaqLoader.loadAll();
      },
      {
        contentProperty: "list",
      }
    ),
  },
};
```

<blockquote class="info">
  **ProTip:** `contentProperty` can also be used with `singleton` Content.
</blockquote>

### Advanced Usecase

> What if we want to manipulate the data after it is retrieved either from the cached or the resolver?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What if we want to manipulate the data after it is retrieved either from the cache or the resolver?
```

> In the end the `PrismicCachedResolver` is a resolver like any other, so you can call it at any time within a resolver, but it is important though that the resolver parameters are propogated to the `PrismicCachedResolver`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PrismicCachedResolver` is a resolver like any other, so you can call it at any time within a resolver, as soon as you propagate the resolver parameters to the `PrismicCachedResolver`.
```
